we have yet another surprise for you and
this one comes to us
live via satellite from his office in
washington
our great secretary of housing and urban
development please say hello to dr ben
carson who is standing by
watching the show tonight
dr carson all right i guess we'll check
back in with him later poor guy's all
tuckered out you know
it's been a long two years anyway we we
have yet another special guest who is
coming to us from
well listen without this next guest we
wouldn't even have this president of the
united states and here now
straight from the bowels of hell itself
please welcome
donald trump's father fred trump fred
trump
brad how are you thank you for joining
us
not a problem i was just playing bocce
down here with christopher columbus
and that dirty italian cheats worse than
he navigates to india
oh well well i'm saying i have to say
i'm surprised they have bocce in hell
it's all we have long sports and canker
sores
oh anyhow word from below is
i heard you were honoring my boy that is
right we are celebrating two years in
office
well i'm sorry but you're giving credit
to the wrong trump
oh really or how's that you should be
paying tribute to me
everything donald accomplished every
single thing he's done
is because of fred trump if i had hugged
that pudgy little turd even once
during his childhood none of this would
ever have happened
but fred why why were you so emotionally
withholding
why what do you mean why oh why you try
loving donald trump go ahead
picture his face
do you feel loved no no but but he's
he's not my son so
oh how i wish i could say those words
and make them true
oh come on fred so you credit his
presidency
to the fact that you didn't show him any
affection all i'm saying is if i hadn't
built an emotional wall
maybe he wouldn't be so obsessed with
building a real one
i was at for some oprah
well it's it's powerful but
hasn't he what hasn't he done anything
that's made you even a little bit proud
yes he has okay remember when he told
that seven-year-old
that santa claus wasn't real yes i do
i love that well
that was incredible okay lucifer and i
had a good laugh
all right but anything he was also
pretty good in home alone too okay
incidentally it's the only movie we have
down here oh that is
that's tough i'm sorry to hear oh that's
what you get for being a racist all
right okay
[Laughter]
anyway i i got a vamoose carol channing
is about to sing i want carol
channing yeah she really she really puts
the hell
in hello dog oh well my i bet she does i
won't keep you thank you so much for
joining us
um fred that's mr fred trump uh
everybody
yes jimmy i'm actually thinking of
changing my last name
what i don't love the association
anymore
how does fred cosby sound it sounds
sounds great take care mr cosby and
thank you yeah i've been watching you
jimbo see you down here real soon oh
great all right well thank you uh fred
trump the cosby
fred trump policy all right hey when we
come back our halftime tribute to trump
concludes
with a very special performance from
aloe blacc so please
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't
click anyway and close your eyes when
they come on